From Data to Thesis: Research Data Analysis with R
Playground, Chapter 17: Reproducible Research - Quarto and Shiny tasks

These tasks use the files in this project. The numbers match the exercises on
the playground page. The R parts of the page (Exercises 1, 5, 6, 7, 9, and 10,
the questions, and the open tasks) are in exercises.R, with answers in
solutions.R. Finished versions of the Quarto and Shiny files are in the
solutions folder.

Exercise 1: A sentence that writes itself
   Render results.qmd. The average wellbeing in the first sentence has many
   decimal places. Change the inline code so that it is rounded to one decimal
   place, and render again. Then change one value in the data and render once
   more: the sentence follows the data.

Exercise 2: A Quarto report
   a. Change the format in the YAML header of results.qmd to produce both a web
      page and a Word document:
        format:
          html: default
          docx: default
      Render, and open the Word file.
   b. Add a figure to results.qmd: a line chart of average wellbeing by
      semester. Give the chunk a label starting with fig- and a caption
      (fig-cap), and refer to it in the text with @fig-... so that Quarto
      numbers it.

Exercise 3: References and a citation style
   Cite the two references in references.bib in the text of results.qmd, using
   their keys (for example [@cohen1988]). Render, and look at the reference
   list. Then download a citation style (a .csl file, for example apa.csl from
   the Zotero Style Repository), add  csl: apa.csl  to the YAML header, and
   render again.

Exercise 4: A slider in the dashboard
   Open app.R and click Run App. Then add a slider (sliderInput) that chooses
   the range of semesters shown in the plot and the table.

Exercise 8: A report for each programme
   Render faculty-report.qmd for another faculty from the Terminal:
     quarto render faculty-report.qmd -P faculty:"Health Sciences"
   Then save a copy as programme-report.qmd with a programme parameter
   ("Master's" or "PhD") instead of a faculty, and render it once for each
   programme. Add a sentence with the programme's average sleep in the first
   semester, written with inline code.

Do it yourself, Task 2
   Turn one analysis from Chapters 6 to 10 into a Quarto report with a numbered
   table, a figure, inline numbers, and one citation, and render it to Word.
   Then add a second input to the dashboard (study mode or programme) and
   explain in comments how the inputs, the reactive data, and the outputs are
   linked. No solution is given: the task is open.
